Kaptain 2.0.0 Docs configuration folder (#4311)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kaptain/2.0.0/configuration/external-dex/index.md

```

### Kommander install

See [Install Kaptain][kaptain-install] for more info. To install Kaptain through the Kommander UI, copy and paste the configuration values from the previous section into the Kommander UI and deploy the Kaptain application.

### Helm Install

Install Kaptain with the provided parameters manually by running the following command against the managed cluster:

```bash
helm install --values values.yaml kaptain kaptain-2.0.0.tgz
```

To update an already installed Kaptain instance, run the following command on the managed cluster:

```
helm upgrade --values values.yaml kaptain kaptain-2.0.0.tgz
```

Verify that the installation has been completed successfully by running the following command:
```bash
helm status kaptain 
```

## Add the redirect URL to Kaptain authentication service in the management cluster

> Once Kaptain is up, get the redirect URL from Kaptain's authservice by running the following command on the managed cluster:

Author: ```suggestion
Once Kaptain is up, get the redirect URL from Kaptain's auth service by running the following command on the managed cluster:
```
